Pour Triple A Placement Privé

[X]Contingency Search and Retained Search Arrangement

[X]Are you looking for an employee who can work for you on a fixed-term basis? Someone who is skilled and fits your company culture? But you would rather avoid the hassle and tiring process of reaching out, finding and screening applicants for a perm placement? This is where we come in.

[X]Dans le bouton écrire "what we can do for you"

ouvrir sur :

What Triple A can do for you
Triple A will help you find the perfect candidate who is up to the task and simultaneously believes in the same values that you and your company represent.
Triple A will present you a maximum of three screened candidates, who have passed both reference checks and assessment tests.

Triple A is a strong advocate of the ‘no cure, no pay’-principle. We are able to offer you this service because of our extensive quality network.
 

[X]Pour Triple A Temporary Services
[X]We supply new exceptional temporary staff daily with a wide range of skills, experience, and knowledge. No matter the size of your team, budget, or required timeline, our experienced temporary staffing managers stand ready to meet your needs.

[X]Dans le bouton écrire "what we can do for you"


We work with a private vetted talent pool of local professionals to offer an immediate response to urgent staff needs and work both locally and nationally on tailored searches across a variety of industries and talent levels. In addition, our countywide candidate pool is extremely expansive and always available for searches requiring additional talent to consider. We will hear you, and then we will help you find it.

Our team stands ready to recruit and select best-fit talent on your behalf! To connect with one of our recruiters, please contact us. We look forward to working with you!



Our clients

Je trouve un peu fade. serait ce possible d'ajouter une image carrée à gauche, de la hauteur du chapitre, dans le style déjà utilisé? Soit comme le bandeau supérieur, soit en bleu ou rouge?



En haut

Home - Who we are - our services (lien vers les blocs de couleur) - job offers (je vais te les envoyer on va les coder en dur) - contact



Contact :

[X]Triple Placement Privé Sàrl
Chemin de la Bergeronnette 6
1228 Plan Les Ouates
Switzerland

[X]Phone : +41 78 870 40 05


